docs: Refactor note in amiSelectorTerms documentation for clarity (#6026)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclasses.md

AMI Selector Terms are used to configure custom AMIs for Karpenter to use, where the AMIs are discovered through ids, owners, name, and [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html). **When you specify `amiSelectorTerms`, you fully override the default AMIs that are selected on by your EC2NodeClass [`amiFamily`]({{< ref "#specamifamily" >}}).**

> Note that [`amiFamily`]({{< ref "#specamifamily" >}}) determines the bootstrapping mode, while amiSelectorTerms specifies specific AMIs to be used. Therefore, you need to ensure consistency between [`amiFamily`]({{< ref "#specamifamily" >}}) and amiSelectorTerms to avoid conflicts during bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
[`amiFamily`]({{< ref "#specamifamily" >}}) determines the bootstrapping mode, while `amiSelectorTerms` specifies specific AMIs to be used. Therefore, you need to ensure consistency between [`amiFamily`]({{< ref "#specamifamily" >}}) and `amiSelectorTerms` to avoid conflicts during bootstrapping.
{{% /alert %}}
```

Can you also make this change to following folders? 
- /docs
- /v0.32
- /v0.34
- /v0.35
- /v0.36

Author: Of course :)

Reviewer: Are you also planning on making the changes to the other files?
